
### Week 5
This week, we had the opportunity to get into groups to choose an open source project and from there we will be working as a team to learn more about the project and contribute to it during the semester. I am working with Dana, Celina and Ashley on a project called the Jupyter Notebook. We talked about our team assessment and decided that Tuesdays at 6:30 is out preferred meeting time during the week to discuss milestones and the state of our contributions towards the project. Our current list of milestones for the project are: Commenting on Issues, Claiming Documentation (none code) Issues, Claiming Code Issues, and Reviewing PR's. We thought that working with these milestones will alow us to learn mroe about the project and the community in a better way instead of diving right into things we're kind of easing our way through. I think some of the challenges we might face is maybe the community might not be as inviting towards newcomers. Overall we are a pretty strong group since we all have background in coding in similar languages and Dana, has used this tool before so she is much more knowledgeable about the project itself and that is super helpful! I am really looking forward to working more on this project! 

### Contributions This Week
I did not have any contributions this week :( 

### NYC Open Data Week
For Open Data Week, I am planning to visit the Data through Design Exihbit in Brooklyn and I am also planning to attend the event on campus with the BUGS club. The Data Through Design exhibit is an art exhibit showcasing works based on open data under the theme 8 Questions for the City. 
