
### Course Website Issues
This week, we were each assigned an issue in order to fix some bugs on the course website. My issue was a missing parenthesis on the Texbooks page of the course website. My pull request can be viewed here (https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/pull/55)
Below are the steps that I took in order to complete the fix and the pull request/
1. Assigned the issue.
2. Forked the reposiroty to my own github account from the github website.
3. Cloned the reposository to my local machine. (git clone [url])
4. Created a new branch to make my changes. (git branch -b parenthesisfix)
5. Updated the file, added it and commited the changes. (git add, git commit -m "parenthesis fix")
6. Pushed the changes to my repository. (git push) 
7. Created the pull request by going into github, going tothe course websites github, and clicking on "create a pull request" and submitted the pull request. 

### Code Triage 
This is my first time having an account on Code Triage. I actually did not know what it was until we were assigned this homework assignment to look into it. I think it is a very cool place to look at open source projects that people are working on and it is kind of like a great place for people to start off, especially as a beginner to open source projects. It was cool to see projects that I knew such as atom and elastic search which I use / have used. I think it is really awesome to think that you can contribute to projects that you use on a daily basis and make a change in some way. Those were also the two projects that I signed up for and I am looking forward to working on them. One interesting bug that I saw for atom was one where someone described their experience using atom and they realized that certain custom themes were loading in Safe Mode. It is interesting to see the types of issues that people submit, such as this one, which could be very specific to the user or be a bug that affecting a lot of people. I am starting to realize just how helpful it is to have people look at the project and use it and give users the opportunity to submit issues that they have, and in this way this helps make the product better. 
