
### Week 5 
This week's blog post will be more of an overview of what we learned in class this week and how I will be using that knowledge to pick an open source project that I want to work on. Wwhen I look for an open source project to contribute to, I look for a project that I personally use because I think that it makes the experience better since I personally use the product as well as it makes it easier to understand the gist and the purpose behind it since I would be a user. As well, being a user of the product allows me to understand the issues better and faster as well as submit my own issues that I have encountered while using the product. Also another important thing to keep in mind when looking for an open source project is how friendly they are to beginners and if they have guides that will help beginners start contributing to the project. Since I am a beginner contributer, I would like the project to have detailed guides about how to contribute as well as be friendly towards beginners and maybe have some issues labeled as beginner friendly. 

In terms of working on a team, my strengths are that I am a very good communicator and team player. I love working on teams and I think that I commuincate pretty well with others. I also have a good amount of knowledge towards front-end development and I have had an internship where I have had the opportunity to learn and use ReactJS, so I can provide those qualities and stengths to the team. Since I am new to the open source community, I think there will be a lot of things that I will be learning from working on an open soure project. I am hoping to learn the in's and out's of working on an open source project and what exactly the process looks like. I am hoping to get better at git as well as improve on my problem solving skills. I think the things that come to my mind about working on an opem source project is the possibility of not finding any issues that I can figure out/ contribute to or the community not being very beginner friendly or the possibility that I make a mistake and ruin something. 

### Contributions 

This week my only contrubutions were the homework for the weekend before. So I submitted a pull request for one of the bugs on the course website. I initially submitted and issue, as well as commented on some of the issues that were reported. From there, an issue was assigned to me and I submitted a pull request with the fix to that issue. 

### Questions for Aurelia 

Below are some of the questions for Aurelia. 
1. What has your experience been like as a woman working in the open source community? 
2. In what areas do you see improvement for the open source community?
