---
layout:post
title: Week 1
---

### Open Source

When I hear the term "open source" I think about github projects where many people are contributing to them and projects that are basically open for anyone to look into the code and be able to contibute towards it. I think some advantages of open source projects is that the project is able to have many different eyes on it, from all over the world and I feel like having so many people and having so many different types of people to contrbute to the project is awesome and can really give the project the chance to go far. Another advantage of an open source project is that if there is a bug or something is wrong, instead of thinking that it is the owners responsibility to fix it, other contributers can also look into it and make the fix. So it is great that they have that capability. Some potential problems that I see with open source projects is the fact that all the code is out there in the open so there is the possibility that someone could just copy. Another problem is that it might be hard to get the project ino the direction that you're going for or to try to make it profitable in some case.

### Projects

The first open sourced project I use is Chrome web browser, which is based off the open sourced project Chromium. It is a really awesome browser and since I have used it for so long, I now prefer to use it, over other browsers like Mozilla or Internet Explorer. The second open sourced project I use is GIMP which is like a Photoshop software but it is free. I would use this software a lot in the past for other courses when I did not want to pay to have Photoshop and it was a decent alternative to using Photoshop. The third open sourced software that I use is the VLC media player which is a media player you can download that allows you to play different types of video files, such as mkv feels. I use this, especially at my job in the Digital Studio at NYU, since we have to open various different types of media files and this software really makes that process easy. There are other alternative software, but since this one is free, it makes it easier to use. The fourth open sourced software that I use is Node.js which is a Javascript environment for executing JS code on the server side. I used this a lot in one of my previous electives and also at my internship. In terms of alternatives, I am not really aware of popular altneratives since it has become an industry standard. 

### Questions for Tom
One question I have for Tom is to what are the pro's and con's that he sees in the open source community and the second question is if he sees software development going towards more open sources projects in the future?


