---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

### The Cathedral and The Bazaar 
The Cathedral and the Bazaar are two models of software development. The Cathedral describes a process where the team working on the software project is highly skilled to do this task and it is worked on until there is a perfect model to present. The Cathedral describes a process that is isolated and centralized. The Bazaar model of software development describes a process where people come together to contribute towards the project in a way where there isn't one team but there are many people with different skill sets working on the project. I am personally more comfortatable working with the Bazaar model of software development because I prefer the idea of releasing often and quickly and having many people come together to work on it. I think it provides a lot more diversity in terms of the people that work on the project as well as it allows for creativity and faster problem solving.

### The Cathedral and The Bazaar Lessons
1 Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what
to rewrite (and reuse).

I think this was a very good lesson because throughout my career as a Computer Science student I have realized how important it is to write good code and to write it in a way that you can reuse the code for other situations and other uses. As easy as making a function and making your function cleaner for code that will be used over and over again. 

2.Treating your users as co-developers is your least-hassle route to
rapid code improvement and e:ective debugging

I think this was also a very good lesson, especially in the context of the Bazaar model for software developemnt. Since users are the ones using your software and may find bugs that you don't know about, it is great to give them the opportunity to come upon these bugs and have the ability to do something about it. 




